docs: 874 benchmarking (#944)
aneoconsulting/ArmoniK: .docs/test_plan.md

 # Test plan of Armonik "2.12.0"

-[Introduction](#Introduction)

-[The product and the functionalities to test](#the-product-and-the-functionalities-to-test)

-[Prerequisite and exigences](#prerequisite-and-exigences)

-[The tools used to do the tests](#the-tools-used-to-do-the-tests)

-[Tests environment](#Tests-environment)

-[Exploited ressources](#exploited-ressources)

-[The estimated results](#the-estimated-results)

-[Tests to do](#tests-to-do)

# Introduction

This test plan describes the performance tests of ArmoniK. The purpose of those tests is to mesure the performance of the differents functionalities of ArmoniK (Tasks submission, Tasks treatment, ...). For this, we will do different tests:
- Measure the execution time of different numbers of submitted tasks and different size of the tasks.
- Test the strong scalability.

The purpose of those tests is to have a reference numbers and performance of the versions of ArmoniK.

# The product and the functionalities to test

## Products

- Bench "0.11.4" , Stresstest "2.12.0" on ArmoniK "2.12.0"
- The submission of the tasks
- The processing of the tasks
- The retrieving of the results 

# Prerequisite and exigences

> - Deploy ArmoniK with different partitions of bench (different number of pods in each partition)

Author: i am speaking of how to deploy armonik so we can do the different tests (partition for each test(application))

# The tools used to do the tests

## Scripts bash

> - To lunch a warming up run then a bunch of runs with the same parameters and store them in files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To launch a warming up run then a bunch of runs with the same parameters and store them in files
```

## Python

> - Clean the files where we stocked the data in readable json files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clean the files where we stored the data in readable json files.
```

> - Read the data and calculate the median and the mean of each run bunch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Read the data and compute the median and the mean of each run bunch.
```

> - Read the data and calculate the median and the mean of each run bunch.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Read the data and calculate the median and the mean of each run.
```

Note "bunch" should not be used, in my point of view. It sound too "familiar"

Author: But we have to do many runs for each test case, so we have to mention it

Reviewer: batch ?

## Json 

> - We stock the results of the performance tests in Json file wich we will store in a database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We store the results of the performance tests in Json file which we will store in a database.
```

| :---    | :---    | :---    | :---    | :---    | :---    | :---    | :---    | :---    | :---    | :---   |  :---   |
| 03/29/2023 | 2.12.0 | 0.11.1 | 3.5.2 | 0.9.1 | c24.xlarge |  Intel Xeon de 2e (Cascade Lake) | 3.6 GHz - 3.9 GHz | 96 | 192 | 25 | 19000 |

- [Config file](https://github.com/aneoconsulting/ArmoniK/blob/874-benchmarking/versions.tfvars.json) with all the versions of Armonik

# Exploited ressources

| Kubernetes | object storage type | storage queue type | storage table type | OS |
| :---    | :---    | :---    | :---    | :---    |
| AWS EKS "1.25" | AWS S3 | Amazon MQ, broker : ActiveMQ "5.16.4" | MongoDB "6.0.1" | Linux |

# The estimated results

- More pods -> faster treatement 

# Tests to do

## Throughput scalability tests

- 1000 tasks on : 100 pods, 1000 pods, and 10000 pods
- 5000 tasks on : 100 pods, 1000 pods, and 10000 pods
- 10k tasks on : 100 pods, 1000 pods, and 10000 pods
- 100k tasks on : 100 pods, 1000 pods, and 10000 pods
- 1M tasks on : 100 pods, 1000 pods, and 10000 pods

### with

> - The tasks duration : 1 ms

Reviewer: For stress test, I would even go to 0 (measures only the ArmoniK overhead)

> - The tasks duration : 1 ms

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Tasks duration : 1 ms
```

> - The payload size : 8B

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Payload size : 8B
```

> - The result size : 8B

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Result size : 8B
```

 # Test plan of Armonik

- [Introduction](#Introduction)
- [The product and the functionalities to test](#the-product-and-the-functionalities-to-test)
- [The tools used to do the tests](#the-tools-used-to-do-the-tests)
- [Tests environment](#Tests-environment)
- [Exploited ressources](#exploited-ressources)
- [The estimated results](#the-estimated-results)
- [Tests to do](#tests-to-do)

# Introduction

In this document we describe a performance test plan of ArmoniK. The purpose is to measure the performance of the different functionalities of ArmoniK (task submissions, processing of tasks, ...). We will perform the following tests:
* Measure the execution time of different numbers of submitted tasks and different size of the tasks.

> * The strong scaling.

Author: done !

### Bench

This test is similar to StressTest but it doesn't use ArmoniK C# extension. The application is already installed on the workers.

## HtcMock

With this test we can have an idea of how ArmoniK can handle the applications with subtasking and aggregation tasks.

## functionalities

- The submission of the tasks
- The processing of the tasks
- The retrieving of the results 

# The tools used to do the tests

## Bash scripts

The scripts start a warming up run, launch a batch of runs with the same parameters, and store performance data in files.

## Python

* Clean the files of the performance data and store them in readable Json files.
* Compute the median and the mean of each batch of runs
## Json 

We store the results of the performance tests in Json files which we will be stored in a database.

# Tests environment

- ArmoniK deployed on AWS via WSL2

|        |       |
| ------ | ----- |
| **Date** | 03/29/2023 |
| **Infra version** |  2.12.0  |
| **Core version** | 0.11.1 |
| **API version** | 3.5.2 |
| **Extension c# version** | 0.9.1 |
| **Instance type** | c24.xlarge |

> | **Instance caracteristics** | Intel Xeon de 2e (Cascade Lake) |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| **Instance characteristics** | Intel Xeon de 2e (Cascade Lake) |
```

| **CPU frequency** | 3.6 GHz - 3.9 GHz |
| **nb vCPUs** |  96 |
| **RAM (GB)** | 192 |
| **Network bandwidth (Gbps)** | 25 |
| **EBS Bandwidth (Mbps)** | 19000 |

The versions of the different ArmoniK components and the third-party tools are defined in [versions.tfvars.json](https://github.com/aneoconsulting/ArmoniK/blob/v2.12.0/versions.tfvars.json).

# Exploited ressources

| Kubernetes | Object stroage type | Storage queue type | Storage table type | OS |
| :---    | :---    | :---    | :---    | :---    |
| AWS EKS "1.25" | AWS S3 | Amazon MQ, broker : ActiveMQ "5.16.4" | MongoDB "6.0.1" | Linux |

# The estimated results

> Faster task processing by increasing the number of pods.

Reviewer 4: Dont know what you mean when you write this line in the estimated results

>  # Test plan of Armonik "2.12.0"

Reviewer 3: Can we not specify the version here? Because it will be roughly the same test plan for the other versions.

> -[Introduction](#Introduction)
> 
> -[The product and the functionalities to test](#the-product-and-the-functionalities-to-test)
> 
> -[Prerequisite and exigences](#prerequisite-and-exigences)
> 
> -[The tools used to do the tests](#the-tools-used-to-do-the-tests)
> 
> -[Tests environment](#Tests-environment)
> 
> -[Exploited ressources](#exploited-ressources)
> 
> -[The estimated results](#the-estimated-results)
> 
> -[Tests to do](#tests-to-do)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [Introduction](#Introduction)
- [The product and the functionalities to test](#the-product-and-the-functionalities-to-test)
- [Prerequisites and exigences](#prerequisites-and-exigences)
- [The tools used to do the tests](#the-tools-used-to-do-the-tests)
- [Tests environment](#Tests-environment)
- [Exploited ressources](#exploited-ressources)
- [The estimated results](#the-estimated-results)
- [Tests to do](#tests-to-do)
```

Author: done !

# Introduction

> This test plan describes the performance tests of ArmoniK. The purpose of those tests is to mesure the performance of the differents functionalities of ArmoniK (Tasks submission, Tasks treatment, ...). For this, we will do different tests:
> - Measure the execution time of different numbers of submitted tasks and different size of the tasks.
> - Test the strong scalability.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In this document we describe a performance test plan of ArmoniK. The purpose is to measure the performance of the different functionalities of ArmoniK (task submissions, processing of tasks, ...). We will perform the following tests:
* Measure the execution time of different numbers of submitted tasks and different size of the tasks.
* The strong scaling.
```

Author: Done

> The purpose of those tests is to have performance measurements in function of the ArmoniK versions. Since this is the first iteration of the performances tests we are going to establish our baseline in function of a specific versions (see after).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The purpose of these tests is to have performance measurements based on ArmoniK versions. As this is the first iteration of the performance tests, we will establish our baseline based on a specific version (see hereafter).
```

Author: Done

# The product and the functionalities to test

## Products

> ### Stresstest "2.12.0"

Reviewer 3: Could we not specify the version here?

> This test is a stress test which runs a number of tasks with a specific i/o sizes and duration of the tasks. It uses ArmoniK's c# extension. It copies a zip of the dlls of the application and install them on the workers.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This is a stress test which runs a number of tasks with a specific I/O sizes and task workloads. It uses ArmoniK's C# extension which copies the DLLs of the application as a zip and installs them on the workers.
```

Author: done

> ### Bench "0.11.4"

Reviewer 3: Could we not specify the version here?

> This test is similar to StressTest but it doesn't use ArmoniK's c# extension, it means that the application is already in the docker image of the workers.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This test is similar to StressTest but it doesn't use ArmoniK C# extension. The application is already installed on the workers.
```

> ## HtcMock "0.11.4" 

Reviewer 3: Could we not specify the version here?

With this test we can have an idea of how ArmoniK can handle the applications with subtasking and aggregation tasks.

## functionalities

- The submission of the tasks
- The processing of the tasks
- The retrieving of the results 

# Prerequisite and exigences

- Deploy ArmoniK with different partitions of bench (different number of pods in each partition)

# The tools used to do the tests

> ## Scripts bash

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Bash scripts
```

> - To start a warming up run then a batch of runs with the same parameters and store them in files

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The scripts start a warming up run, launch a batch of runs with the same parameters, and store performance results in files.
```

## Python

> - Clean the files where we stored the data in readable json files.
> - Read the data and compute the median and the mean of each run batch.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Python scripts:
* Clean the files of the performance data and store them in readable Json files.
* Compute the median and the mean of each batch of runs.
```

## Json 

> - We store the results of the performance tests in Json file which we will store in a database.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- We store the results of the performance tests in Json files which we will be stored in a database.
```

# Tests environment

- ArmoniK deployed on AWS via WSL2

| Date | Infra version | Core version | API version  | Extension c# version | Instance type | Instance caracteristics | CPU frequency | nb vCPUs | RAM (GB) | Network bandwidth (Gbps) | EBS Bandwidth (Mbps) |
| :---    | :---    | :---    | :---    | :---    | :---    | :---    | :---    | :---    | :---    | :---   |  :---   |

> | 03/29/2023 | 2.12.0 | 0.11.1 | 3.5.2 | 0.9.1 | c24.xlarge |  Intel Xeon de 2e (Cascade Lake) | 3.6 GHz - 3.9 GHz | 96 | 192 | 25 | 19000 |

Reviewer 3: Could we put this table in vertical? Otherwise it becomes unreadable.

Author: done

> - [Config file](https://github.com/aneoconsulting/ArmoniK/blob/874-benchmarking/versions.tfvars.json) with all the versions of Armonik

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The versions of the different ArmoniK components and the third-party tools are defined in [versions.tfvars.json](https://github.com/aneoconsulting/ArmoniK/blob/v2.12.0/versions.tfvars.json).
```

> - [Config file](https://github.com/aneoconsulting/ArmoniK/blob/874-benchmarking/versions.tfvars.json) with all the versions of Armonik

Reviewer 3: Be aware that you have to provide the link to versions.tfvars.json file of the correct ArmoniK version (here is ArmoniK v2.12.0).

# Exploited ressources

> | Kubernetes | object storage type | storage queue type | storage table type | OS |

Reviewer 3: Capital

> | Kubernetes | object storage type | storage queue type | storage table type | OS |
> | :---    | :---    | :---    | :---    | :---    |
> | AWS EKS "1.25" | AWS S3 | Amazon MQ, broker : ActiveMQ "5.16.4" | MongoDB "6.0.1" | Linux |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Kubernetes | Object storage type | Storage queue type | Storage table type | OS |
| :---    | :---    | :---    | :---    | :---    |
| AWS EKS 1.25 | AWS S3 | Amazon MQ, broker ActiveMQ 5.16.4 | MongoDB 6.0.1 | Linux |
```

# The estimated results

> - More pods -> faster treatement 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Faster task processing by increasing the number of pods.
```

# Tests to do

## Throughput scalability tests

- 1000 tasks on : 100 pods, 1000 pods, and 10000 pods
- 5000 tasks on : 100 pods, 1000 pods, and 10000 pods

> - 10k tasks on : 100 pods, 1000 pods, and 10000 pods

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- 10K tasks on : 100 pods, 1000 pods, and 10000 pods
```

> - 100k tasks on : 100 pods, 1000 pods, and 10000 pods

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- 100K tasks on : 100 pods, 1000 pods, and 10000 pods
```

- 1M tasks on : 100 pods, 1000 pods, and 10000 pods

### with

> - tasks duration : 1 ms
> - payload size : 8B
> - result size : 8B

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Tasks duration : 1 ms
- Input payload size : 8B
- Output payload size : 8B
```

#### StressTest

> | nb pods | nb cores per control-plane| limits nb cores per control-plane| nb cores per scheduler-agent| limits nb cores per scheduler-agent| nb cores per worker | limits nb cores per worker | nb tasks | task duration | input payload | result payload | Duration of submission (s) | Upload speed (s) | Throughtput for submission (tasks/s) | Duration of processing (s) | Throughput for processing (tasks/s) | Duration of retrieving results (s) | Throughtput for retrieving results (tasks/s) | Download speed (s) |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Number of pods | Resource requests per control-plane| Resource limits per control-plane| Resource requests per scheduling-agent| Resource limits per scheduling-agent| Resource requests per worker | Resource limits for per worker | Number of tasks | Task workload duration | Input payload size | Output payload size | Duration of submissions (s) | Upload speed (s) | Throughtput for submissions (tasks/s) | Duration of processing (s) | Throughput for processing (tasks/s) | Duration of retrieving results (s) | Throughtput for retrieving results (tasks/s) | Download speed (s) |
```

| :---    | :---    | :---    | :---   |  :---   |  :----:  |    ---: |  :----:  |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |

> | 100 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 1K | 1 ms | 8B | 8B |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |

Reviewer 3: Examples for resource requests and limits for each ArmoniK components:
For Resource requests: CPU: 200m / Memory: 500Mi
For Resource limits: CPU: 1000m / Memory: 2048Mi

| 100 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 1M | 1 ms | 8B | 8B  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |
| 1000 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 1K | 1 ms | 8B | 8B |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |
| 1000 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 5K | 1 ms | 8B | 8B |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |
| 1000 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 10K | 1 ms | 8B | 8B|  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |
| 1000 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 100K | 1 ms | 8B | 8B|  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |
| 1000 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 1M | 1 ms | 8B | 8B |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |
| 10000 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 1K | 1 ms | 8B | 8B |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |
| 10000 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 5K | 1 ms | 8B | 8B |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |
| 10000 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 10K | 1 ms | 8B | 8B|  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |
| 10000 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 100K | 1 ms | 8B | 8B|  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |
| 10000 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 1M | 1 ms | 8B | 8B |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |

#### Bench

> | nb pods | nb cores per control-plane| limits nb cores per control-plane| nb cores per scheduler-agent| limits nb cores per scheduler-agent| nb cores per worker | limits nb cores per worker | nb tasks | task duration | input payload | result payload | Duration of submission (s) | Upload speed (s) | Throughtput for submission (tasks/s) | Duration of processing (s) | Throughput for processing (tasks/s) | Duration of retrieving results (s) | Throughtput for retrieving results (tasks/s) | Download speed (s) |

Reviewer 3: Same suggestion as stressTest

| :---    | :---    | :---    | :---   |  :---   |  :----:  |    ---: |  :----:  |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |
| 100 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 1K | 1 ms | 8B | 8B |  |  |  |  |

> | 100 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 5K | 1 ms | 8B | 8B |  |  |  |  |

Reviewer 3: Same suggestion as stressTest

| 100 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 10K | 1 ms | 8B | 8B |  |  |  |  |
| 100 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 100K | 1 ms | 8B | 8B|  |  |  |  |
| 100 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 1M | 1 ms | 8B | 8B  |  |  |  |  |
| 1000 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 1K | 1 ms | 8B | 8B |  |  |  |  |
| 1000 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 5K | 1 ms | 8B | 8B |  |  |  |  |
| 1000 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 10K | 1 ms | 8B | 8B|  |  |  |  |
| 1000 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 100K | 1 ms | 8B | 8B|  |  |  |  |
| 1000 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 1M | 1 ms | 8B | 8B |  |  |  |  |
| 10000 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 1K | 1 ms | 8B | 8B |  |  |  |  |
| 10000 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 5K | 1 ms | 8B | 8B |  |  |  |  |
| 10000 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 10K | 1 ms | 8B | 8B|  |  |  |  |
| 10000 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 100K | 1 ms | 8B | 8B|  |  |  |  |
| 10000 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 1M | 1 ms | 8B | 8B |  |  |  |  |

#### HtcMock

> | nb pods | nb cores per control-plane| limits nb cores per control-plane| nb cores per scheduler-agent| limits nb cores per scheduler-agent| nb cores per worker | limits nb cores per worker | nb tasks | Sub tasks level | task duration | input payload | result payload | Duration of submission (s) | Upload speed (s) | Throughtput for submission (tasks/s) | Duration of processing (s) | Throughput for processing (tasks/s) | Duration of retrieving results (s) | Throughtput for retrieving results (tasks/s) | Download speed (s) |

Reviewer 3: Same suggestion as stressTest

| :---    | :---    | :---    | :---   |  :---   |  :----:  |    ---: |    ---: |  :----:  |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |
| 100 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 1K | 1 | 1 ms | 8B | 8B |  |  |  |  |

> | 100 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 5K | 5 | 1 ms | 8B | 8B |  |  |  |  |

Reviewer 3: Same suggestion as stressTest

| 100 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 100K | 100 | 1 ms | 8B | 8B|  |  |  |  |
| 100 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 1M | 1000 | 1 ms | 8B | 8B  |  |  |  |  |
| 1000 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 1K | 1 | 1 ms | 8B | 8B |  |  |  |  |
| 1000 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 5K | 5 | 1 ms | 8B | 8B |  |  |  |  |
| 1000 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 10K | 10 | 1 ms | 8B | 8B |  |  |  |  |
| 1000 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 100K | 100 | 1 ms | 8B | 8B|  |  |  |  |
| 1000 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 1M | 1000 | 1 ms | 8B | 8B  |  |  |  |  |
| 10000 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 1K | 1 | 1 ms | 8B | 8B |  |  |  |  |
| 10000 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 5K | 5 | 1 ms | 8B | 8B |  |  |  |  |
| 10000 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 10K | 10 | 1 ms | 8B | 8B |  |  |  |  |
| 10000 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 100K | 100 | 1 ms | 8B | 8B|  |  |  |  |
| 10000 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 1M | 1000 | 1 ms | 8B | 8B  |  |  |  |  |

## Submission scalability tests

> - Number of pods : 1000
> - Tasks duration : 500 ms
> - Result size : 100KB

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Number of pods : 1000
- Tasks duration : 500 ms
- Output payload size : 8B
```

#### StressTest

> | nb pods | nb cores per control-plane| limits nb cores per control-plane| nb cores per scheduler-agent| limits nb cores per scheduler-agent| nb cores per worker | limits nb cores per worker | nb tasks | task duration | input payload | result payload | Duration of submission (s) | Upload speed (s) | Throughtput for submission (tasks/s) | Duration of processing (s) | Throughput for processing (tasks/s) | Duration of retrieving results (s) | Throughtput for retrieving results (tasks/s) | Download speed (s) |

Reviewer 3: Same suggestion as the previous stressTest

| :---    | :---    | :---    | :---   |  :---   |  :----:  |    ---: |  :----:  |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |
| 100 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 10K | 1KB | 5 | 1 |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |

> | 100 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 10K | 10KB | 5 | 5 |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |

Reviewer 3: Same suggestion as the previous stressTest

| 100 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 10K | 100KB | 5 | 10 |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |
| 100 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 100K | 1KB | 5 | 1 |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |
| 100 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 100K | 10KB | 5 | 5 |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |
| 100 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 100K | 100KB | 5 | 10 |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |
| 100 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 1M | 1KB | 5 | 1 |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |
| 100 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 1M | 10KB | 5 | 5 |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |
| 100 | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 50m | 1000m | 1M | 100KB | 5 | 10 |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |

## Other tests
    

> | nb pods | nb cores per control-plane| limits nb cores per control-plane| nb cores per scheduler-agent| limits nb cores per scheduler-agent| nb cores per worker | limits nb cores per worker | nb tasks | task duration | input payload | result payload | Duration of submission (s) | Upload speed (s) | Throughtput for submission (tasks/s) | Duration of processing (s) | Throughput for processing (tasks/s) | Duration of retrieving results (s) | Throughtput for retrieving results (tasks/s) | Download speed (s) |

Reviewer 3: Same suggestion as the previous stressTest

| :---    | :---    | :---    | :---   |  :---   |  :----:  |    ---: |  :----:  |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |    ---: |

> | 80K | 200m  | 1000m | 1000m | 2000m | 1 | 2000m | 300M | 1s | 1KB | 1KB |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |

Reviewer 3: Same suggestion as the previous stressTest
